ALAN THOMAS
findalanthomas1@gmail.com  (414) 719-9417  https://www.linkedin.com/in/alanintech  https://github.com/AlanThomas09
EDUCATION
The University of Texas at Dallas Bachelor of Science, in Computer Science May 2025
Relevant Coursework Advanced Data Structures, Systems Programming in Unix, Computer
Architecture, Computer Graphics, Artificial Intelligence, Compiler Design,
Object Oriented Design, Operating Systems, Database Systems,
Embedded Computer Systems
SKILLS
Programming Languages: Java, C++, Lua, C#, JavaScript, C, Python,
Technologies and Skills: Windows, Linux, Git, Eclipse, jGrasp, VS Code, Object-Oriented Programming
EXPERIENCE
Southern Methodist University: Virtual Reality Developer January 2024 - Present
● Spearheading the development of Virtual Reality software tailored for spatial awareness research purposes.
● Leveraging expertise in Unity Engine and C# to design and implement immersive VR experiences.
● Writing clean, efficient, and maintainable code to ensure the stability and scalability of software applications.
● Implementing optimization techniques to enhance software performance and compatibility with VR hardware.
● Contributing to research publications and presentations, showcasing the impact of VR technology on spatial
awareness studies.
Code Ninjas: Sensei/Teacher January 2021 – December 2021
● Teaching hundreds of kids the fundamentals of coding through a curriculum-based program.
● Instructing children in programming languages such as JavaScript, Lua, C#, and C++.
● Introduced core programming concepts via modular teaching style.
● Conducted code reviews to analyze performance and provide feedback.
ACADEMIC PROJECTS
EV Cyber Security – UTDesign August 2024 - Present
● Designing and Developing methods to perform security assessments for Toyota.
● Developing skills in decoding, analyzing, and injecting communication protocol traffic to assess system security.
● Developing expertise in identifying attacks on Electric Vehicles to ensure robust system security.
● Improving capabilities in designing and integrating hardware and software tools for comprehensive security
assessments and protocol analysis.
Unity Games
● Worked within a codebase with over 50,000 lines of code.
● Wrote thousands of lines of code to alter existing systems.
● Designed and implemented an efficient pathing algorithm to improve AI performance.
● Added projectile support to the in-game physics engine to simulate realistic ballistics.
● Created an Object-Oriented progression system to enhance player experience.